Update README to improve instructions on adding a new archiver (#510)
catalyst-cooperative/pudl-archiver: README.md

            matches = link_pattern.search(link)
            if not matches:
                continue
            year = int(matches.group(1))
            if self.valid_year(year):
                yield self.get_year_resource(link, year)

    async def get_year_resource(self, link: str, year: int) -> ResourceInfo:
        """Download zip file."""
        # Append hyperlink to base URL to get URL of file
        url = f"{BASE_URL}/{link}"
        download_path = self.download_directory / f"eia860-{year}.zip"
        await self.download_zipfile(url, download_path)

        return ResourceInfo(local_path=download_path, partitions={"year": year})
```

#### Create a new archiver script.

1. To create a new archiver, create a new Python file in `src.pudl_archiver.archivers`.
Files for archivers produced by the same agency are sub-categorized into folders (e.g.,
`src.pudl_archiver.archivers.eia`).
2. Subclass the `AbstractDatasetArchiver` to create an archiver class for your dataset -
e.g., `NrelAtbArchiver` or `PhmsaGasArchiver`.
3. Define the `name` of your dataset to be the shorthand code you defined in Step 1 (e.g.,

> `eia860`). This should match the name you used for the dictionary key in the source
> dictionary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`eia860`). This should match the name you used for the dictionary key in the metadata
sources dictionary.
```

#### Defining `get_resources`

> `get_resources()` is the core method required for every archiver - it should identify
> every link or API call required to download all the required data, and yield a series of

Reviewer: nit but the double "required" is a little confusing.
```suggestion
`get_resources()` is the core method required for every archiver - it should identify
every link or API call needed to download all the desired data, and yield a series of
```

links in `BASEURL` to find links that match this pattern. For each matching link, we
extract the year from the file name and pass both the link and the year to the
`get_year_resource()` method.

> [!TIP]
> `self.valid_year()` is an optional method that allows us to easily run the archiver on
> only a year or two of data, for datasets partitioned by year. Though optional, it helps
> to speed up testing of the data. The method expects a year and returns a boolean
> indicating whether or not the year is valid.

#### Getting each individual resource

In the example above, we define a second async method. This method downloads a single file per partition:
```py
async def get_year_resource(self, link: str, year: int) -> ResourceInfo:
  """Download zip file."""
  # Append hyperlink to base URL to get URL of file
  url = f"{BASE_URL}/{link}"
  download_path = self.download_directory / f"eia860-{year}.zip"
  await self.download_zipfile(url, download_path)

  return ResourceInfo(local_path=download_path, partitions={"year": year})
```
This method should handle the following steps:
* identify the specific download link for the file(s) in the partition

> * construct the name of the downloaded file. We rename files to match the format
> `datasource-year.ext` - e.g. `eia860-1990.zip`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* construct the name for the file once its downloaded. We rename files to match the format
`datasource-year.ext` - e.g. `eia860-1990.zip`.
```

> * construct the path to the downloaded file, using `self.download_directory`: this is

Reviewer: instead of `path to the downloaded file` .... maybe `path to where we want to download this file`?

a temporary directory created and manged by the base class that is used as a staging area
for downloading data before uploading it to Zenodo. This temporary directory will be
automatically removed once the data has been uploaded.
* return `ResourceInfo`, where `local_path` is the path to the downloaded file and

> `partitions` is a dictionary specifying the partition(s) of the dataset.

Reviewer: clarifying question: we are not returning the downloaded file itself because we have already put it in `download_path` and this `ResourceInfo` is the post-download info of where to grab to file later once all the files have been downloaded?

We have written a number of download methods to handle different file formats:
* You're downloading a zipfile: `self.download_zipfile()` is a helper method implemented
to handle downloading zipfiles that includes a check for valid zipfiles, and a
configurable number of retries.
* You're downloading a single file in another format (e.g., Excel): `self.download_and_zipfile()` downloads a file and zips it. Where the original files are not already zipped, we zip them

> to speed up upload and download times.

Reviewer: 😎 
```suggestion
to speed up upload and download times. See `archivers.censuspep.py` for an example of
this method.
```

* You're downloading a number of files that belong to a single partition (e.g., multiple
API calls per year): `self.add_to_archive()` can be used to
download multiple files and add them to the same zipfile. See `archivers.eia.eia860m.py`
for an example of this method.

### Step 3: Test archiver locally

Once you've written your archiver, it's time to test that it works as expected! To run
the archiver locally, run the following commands in your terminal:

```bash

> mamba activate pudl-archiver

Reviewer: should this guy be here? its already above. doesn't feel bad just feels like overkill.

Reviewer 2: Oh also there was that crazy bug where actually we can't call the environment anything with the string `arch` in it, so we actually call the environment `pudl-cataloger`

Author: Oh **that's** why! This has been annoying me since I started working on PUDL. I will briefly investigate if this is still the case.

Author: Said bug: https://github.com/catalyst-cooperative/pudl-archiver/pull/51#discussion_r1093739993

@zaneselvans or @katie-lamb as MacOS users can I get you to try rebuilding with this environment and see if this is still the case?

Author: Corresponding original issue: https://github.com/catalyst-cooperative/pudl-archiver/issues/35

Reviewer 3: I'm still getting the bug: `ValueError: Don't know machine value for archs=()`

Reviewer 2: So ridiculous.

Author: Reverted this change :(

4. Click to download one or two files from the archive. Extract them and open them to
make sure they look as expected.

When you're ready to submit this archive, hit "publish"! Add this sandbox archive link
to your pull request and request a review from a Catalyst core member.

*If your dataset is destined for integration into PUDL:* Head over to the
[pudl](https://github.com/catalyst-cooperative/pudl) repo to attempt to integrate the
new archive using the sandbox DOI. This will help to flag any formatting problems
before publishing to the production server.

### Step 6: Finalizing the archive

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > This step can only be done by core Catalyst developers, as it requires

Reviewer: this is !IMPORTANT and also not complete ;-)

Once your PR has been approved, it's time for your archive to make its debut!

* Rerun the archiver without the `--sandbox` flag to create a draft production archive
* Review the archive using the guidelines in Step 5.
* Once published, submit the archive to the Catalyst Cooperative community.
* Add the concept DOIs for the published sandbox and production to `/src/pudl_archiver/package_data/zenodo_doi.yaml`. These DOIs tell the archiver when a dataset already exists, making it
possible to update existing archives with new data.

> * If you implemented `self.valid_year()`, add your dataset manually to the list of datasets

Reviewer: only if you've implemented `valid_year`?

Author: Yes, the list of archivers supported auto-updates, this is really just for the "only-year is implemented" description. I added text to clarify.
